add_user Fire 22 male Nation1
add_user Water 21 female Nation2
add_user Earth 20 male Nation3
add_user Wind 22 male Nation4
add_user Dark 21 female Nation5
add_user Light 20 male Nation6
add_friend Fire Water
add_friend Fire Wind
add_friend Fire Dark
add_friend Earth Wind
add_friend Earth Dark
add_friend Dark Light
add_friend Light Fire
suggest_friends Fire
suggest_friends Earth
display_graph
display_friends Fire
delete_user Wind
display_friends Fire
delete_friend Fire Water
display_friends Water
search_users name Light
search_users age 22
search_users gender male
search_users location Nation3
exit_program