add_user Red 11 male barn
add_user Orange 22 female rock
add_user Yellow 33 male rock
add_user Green 33 female beach
add_user blue 44 female desert
add_user purple 55 male desert
add_user black 33 male woodlands
add_user white 22 female barn
add_user gold 66 female beach
add_user rainbow 11 female farm
display_graph
add_friend rainbow purple
add_friend rainbow red
add_friend rainbow blue
add_friend Red black
add_friend Red green
add_friend purple gold
add_friend Orange white
add_friend Yellow blue
add_friend Red white
add_friend Orange black
add_friend blue purple
display_graph
suggest_friends blue
suggest_friends purple
suggest_friends white
display_friends Red
display_friends rainbow
search_users location desert
search_users gender female
search_users age 33
search_users name gold
delete_user Orange
delete_friend Red black
delete_friend rainbow blue
delete_user rainbow
display_graph
exit_program