add_user Susan 0 female usa
add_user Susan 30 Female usa
add_user Susan 30 female USA
add_user Susan 30 female USA
add_user Sarah 25 female Canada
add_user John 20 male Texas
add_friend Susan John
add_friend Susan John
add_friend John Adam
add_friend John Sarah
delete_friend Sarah Susan
delete_friend John Susan
add_friend John Susan
display_friends Susan
display_friends John
add_friend Sarah Susan
display_friends Susan
display_friends Sarah
display_friends John
add_user Joe 15 male cuba
search_users name Joe
search_users gender male
search_users age 20
search_users age 21
suggest_friends Susan
delete_friend Susan John
suggest_friends Susan
add_user Tom 12 male cuba
add_friend Tom Joe
add_friend Tom Susan
suggest_friends joe
add_user Mary 40 female usa
suggest_friends tom
suggest_friends mary
add_user Peter 40 male usa
add_user Tommy 40 male usa
add_friend Joe Tommy
add_friend Joe Peter
suggest_friends Mary
display_graph
exit_program