add_user Apple 23 male tree
add_user Banana 25 female branch
add_user jacKFruit 24 male branch
add_user catfish 24 female sea
add_user peacock 27 female forest
add_user tiger 26 male forest
add_user elephant 24 male zoo
add_user monkey 25 female tree
add_user whale 28 female sea
add_user ChicKen 23 female farm
add_friend chicken tiger
add_friend apple elephant
add_friend tiger whale
add_friend banana monkey
add_friend whale catfish
add_friend jackfruit peacock
add_friend aPPle elephant
add_friend apple monkey
add_friend banana elephant
add_friend catfish tiger
add_friend peacock tiger
display_graph
suggest_friends peacock
suggest_friends tiger
suggest_friends monkey
display_friends apple
search_users location forest
search_users gender female
search_users age 24
search_users name whale
delete_user banana
delete_user chicken
delete_friend apple elephant
delete_friend whale catfish
display_graph
exit_program