add_user Sean 22 male bburg
add_user Miles 21 male bburg
add_user Mimi 20 female bburg
add_user Kelly 22 cville
add_user Nicole 21 female hburg
add_user Cory 21 male bburg
add_user Matt 21 male wash
add_user Nick 21 male bburg
add_user Alison 21 female burg
add_friend Sean Miles
add_friend Sean Mimi
add_friend Sean Kelly
add_friend Sean Nicole
add_friend Sean Cory
add_friend Sean Matt
add_friend Sean Nick
add_friend Sean Alison
add_friend Alison Miles
add_friend Alison Mimi
add_friend Alison Cory
add_friend Nick Cory
add_friend Matt Kelly
add_friend Matt Nicole
add_friend Cory Miles
add_friend Cory Mimi
add_friend Kelly Nicole
display_graph
exit_program