add_user Daniel 20 male Blacksburg
display_friends Daniel
search_users name Daniel
display_graph
add_user Chris 20 male Blacksburg
display_friends Chris
search_users gender male
search_users name Chris
display_graph 
add_friend Daniel Chris
display_friends Daniel
display_friends Chris
display_graph
delete_friend Daniel Chris
display_friends Daniel
display_friends Chris
display_graph
add_friend Chris Daniel
delete_user Chris
display_friends Daniel
display_friends Chris
add_user Mike 20 male Blacksburg
add_user Derek 21 male Blacksburg
add_friend Daniel Mike
add_friend Derek Daniel
display_graph
add_user Prabh 19 male Blacksburg
add_friend Daniel Prabh
delete_friend Mike Daniel
add_friend Daniel Mike
display_graph
delete_user Daniel
display_graph
exit_program